This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information.

We collect very little Personal Information about you.
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to third parties.

This service interacts with other services that might process or use your data in different ways: 
- SponsorBlock - https://gist.github.com/ajayyy/aa9f8ded2b573d4f73a3ffa0ef74f796
- CloudFlare Workers - https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/privacypolicy/
- Discord - https://discord.com/privacy

-----

# Information Gathered
  - Log files generated by CloudFlare Workers
    - Discord UserID
    - videoIDs/ publicID/ discord userID provided to the bot
  - Discord UserID
  - SponsorBlock publicID
  - VIP Users
    - votes/ unwarns/ feature grants/ locks done through sb-slash are logged to a private discord channel with the timestamp, user, action and targeted segment/ videoID

# How The Information Is Used
  - Identifying with your discordID lets you retrieve your associated SponsorBlock publicID
  - VIPs can identify the discordID linked to a SponsorBlock publicID
  - This information will not be sold or used in any other way

# Data Deletion
You can delete your associated SponsorBlock publicID with `me userid set` and supplying a blank string or “delete”

# Children
The service is intended for audiences who are 14 years or older. The service is not intended for children 13 or younger. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 14 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.

# Data request
Please email sb-slash {﹫} mchang.icu if you would like to request any data stored with your SponsorBlock PublicID or Discord UserID
